README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Contact form solution

This is a solution to the [Contact form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/contact-form--G-hYlqKJj). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Complete the form and see a success toast message upon successful submission
- Receive form validation messages if:
  - A required field has been missed
  - The email address is not formatted correctly
- Complete the form only using their keyboard
- Have inputs, error messages, and the success message announced on their screen reader
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Solution URL](https://github.com/Avantiermv/contact-form-main)
- Live Site URL: [Live site URL]( https://avantiermv.github.io/contact-form-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow
- Javascript

### What I learned



### Continued development



## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Avantiermv](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Avantiermv)

Commit message:

I finished the project!
In this commit, you can see all of the changes that I made in the HTML, CSS and JS. I learned some things about functions in JS and i'll keep going studying about it.

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Contact form solution

This is a solution to the [Contact form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/contact-form--G-hYlqKJj). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
- [Author](#author)


## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Complete the form and see a success toast message upon successful submission
- Receive form validation messages if:
  - A required field has been missed
  - The email address is not formatted correctly
- Complete the form only using their keyboard
- Have inputs, error messages, and the success message announced on their screen reader
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./assets/images/Captura%20de%20tela_18-11-2024_105125_avantiermv.github.io.jpeg)

### Links

- Solution URL: [Solution URL](https://github.com/Avantiermv/contact-form-main)
- Live Site URL: [Live site URL]( https://avantiermv.github.io/contact-form-main/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow
- Javascript

### What I learned

What I think I've learned the most is how to use certain functions to validate certain things, how to use arrays and, on the style side, I'm slowly learning how to use flexbox.

### Continued development

I'll keep going studying functions in JavaScript and Style in CSS.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@Avantiermv](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Avantiermv)
